readme.md, before:

# Overview

This project is made to fulfill the last submission of **Dicoding’s Front-End Web Development Fundamental course**. Inspired by **MyAnimeList.net**, user can add their watched movies into their own watched list. The watched list is saved in the browser’s local storage. The movies data is taken from **TheMovieDB** public API.

## Usage

The main files stored in the `src` folder, there will be a `css` folder to save the configuration file for Tailwindcss, `template` folder contains a site template on `.html` format, and `js` folder used to store the site pages, components, and data. To compile the files, you can type the command : > npm run start

There will be a `public` folder that contains HTML pages and a `js` folder that contain javascript files for each page. To remove the `public` folder's you can type the command : > npm run clean

## API List

This project uses several endpoints from TheMovieDB API. Here is the endpoint list :
|Description| Items|
|--|--|
| Index Page | [Upcoming Movies](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-upcoming), [Now Playing Movies](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-now-playing), [Top Rated Movies](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-top-rated-movies), [Movie Details](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-movie-details)|
|Details Page|[Movie Details](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-movie-details), [Movie Credits](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-movie-credits)|
|Browse Page|[Search Movie](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/search/search-movies), [Upcoming Movies](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-upcoming), [Now Playing Movies](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-now-playing), [Top Rated Movies](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-top-rated-movies)|
|Movie Image| [TheMovieDB Image](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/getting-started/images)

## Stack

This project uses some libraries to accelerate the development project. Here is the stack list :

-   HTML
-   Javascript
-   [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios)
-   [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/)
-   [SweetAlert](https://sweetalert.js.org/)
-   [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/)

Commit message:

add : development & production bundling option

readme.md, after:

# Overview

This project is made to fulfill the last submission of **Dicoding’s Front-End Web Development Fundamental course**. Inspired by **MyAnimeList.net**, user can add their watched movies into their own watched list. The watched list is saved in the browser’s local storage. The movies data is taken from **TheMovieDB** public API.

## Usage

The main files stored in the `src` folder, there will be a `css` folder to save the configuration file for Tailwindcss, `template` folder contains a site template on `.html` format, and `js` folder used to store the site pages, components, and data. To compile the files into development mode, you can type the command :

    > npm run dev

There will be a `public` folder that contains HTML pages and a `js` folder that contains javascript files for each page. The output size of that command should be 22,4MB. If you want to optimize the output files for production, you can type the command :

    > npm run prod

To remove the `public` folder's you can type the command :

    > npm run clean

## API List

This project uses several endpoints from TheMovieDB API. Here is the endpoint list :
|Description| Items|
|--|--|
| Index Page | [Upcoming Movies](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-upcoming), [Now Playing Movies](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-now-playing), [Top Rated Movies](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-top-rated-movies), [Movie Details](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-movie-details)|
|Details Page|[Movie Details](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-movie-details), [Movie Credits](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-movie-credits)|
|Browse Page|[Search Movie](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/search/search-movies), [Upcoming Movies](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-upcoming), [Now Playing Movies](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-now-playing), [Top Rated Movies](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/movies/get-top-rated-movies)|
|Movie Image| [TheMovieDB Image](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/getting-started/images)

## Stack

This project uses some libraries to accelerate the development project. Here is the stack list :

-   HTML
-   Javascript
-   [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios)
-   [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/)
-   [SweetAlert](https://sweetalert.js.org/)
-   [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/)
